PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

## Purpose

**Does the title of this PR accurately describe the changes/feature?**

Yes / No

**What was the motivation for these changes?**

Resolves: (issue/ticket number)

## Type of change

- [ ] Documentation update
- [ ] New feature (*non-breaking change which adds functionality*)
- [ ] Bug fix (*non-breaking change which fixes an issue*)
- [ ] Breaking change (*fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected*)

## Testing

**Testing Tasks Completed:**

- [ ] This change includes unit tests for the changed/new code
- [ ] This has been tested locally, and does not break existing functionality

**Testing Tasks To Be Done:**

- [ ] This includes a documentation change, which should be peer reviewed
- [ ] This requires some manual testing, detailed below

Description of test scenario:
1. First...
1. Then...
1. Verify that...

## Other change related information

- [ ] This change requires a documentation update (*not included here*)
- [ ] This change is part of a larger change, and requires follow-up PR(s)
- [ ] This change updates `package.json` and will require installation to test locally

Commit message:

Header Footer Updates; Style Login
Added Tests
Updated for 508
Fixes for login page

PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

## Purpose

**Does the title of this PR accurately describe the changes/feature?**

Yes / No

**What was the motivation for these changes?**

Resolves: (issue/ticket number)

## Type of change

- [ ] Documentation update
- [ ] New feature (*non-breaking change which adds functionality*)
- [ ] Bug fix (*non-breaking change which fixes an issue*)
- [ ] Breaking change (*fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected*)

## Testing

**Testing Tasks Completed:**

- [ ] This change includes unit tests for the changed/new code
- [ ] This has been tested locally, and does not break existing functionality

The lighthouse accessability score for the page(s) this PR affects is: 

List any libraries added by this PR and compatabile browsers for each library:

**Testing Tasks To Be Done:**

- [ ] This includes a documentation change, which should be peer reviewed
- [ ] This requires some manual testing, detailed below

Description of test scenario:
1. First...
1. Then...
1. Verify that...

## Other change related information

- [ ] This change requires a documentation update (*not included here*)
- [ ] This change is part of a larger change, and requires follow-up PR(s)
- [ ] This change updates `package.json` and will require installation to test locally
